here is an update for my 25 gallon
planted tank uwaga my style so you can
see I have a fair amount of neons I
think there's 18 years in there there's
a few CPD's socialized to a pearl
daniels and there as well and to add to
the livestock i have three autos all the
single sketch and just today i've added
three more Sammy's algae eaters now this
is temporarily because I am battling
with a bad case of staghorn algae and we
can see some of it right here all of
these pieces of ug are covered with the
stack or analogy which is you can see on
the rocks as well it's quite messy I've
also added three new eat zebra snails um
so you can see it Sperling like no
tomorrow it's uh it's it's very nice
here is it's the end of the day today
here is the drop checker I really like
this one it's getting much better so
it's a it's a very nice external top
checker I have so two sets of light top
power strips and overall I'm starting to
feel that tank is a little bit too
cramped so
I might be a lessening the bio load on
it in the near future the water
parameters are fine no ammonia it is
fully cycled by now you can see that in
this place here I had to rip apart most
of the UG and replanted because it was
all covered with algae and it was
starting to lift off as well because the
first time I planted it was too was it
wasn't too deep so it's too shallow over
here it's quite luscious but also i'm
getting different type of algae here not
sure what's going on so these are the
dragon rocks check rate and finally i
would say that you can see the algae
eaters right here fortunately they don't
seem to be eating too much of the LG yet
it's the first day so i really hope that
soon we're going to see some results
here I haven't seen anything yet so
that's where we had with the hero goomy
update